Less PHP heavy (#1606)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/configuration/routes/https.md

### `min_version`

{{< note >}}
This directive was put into place when Platform.sh supported older versions of TLS for customers.
Currently only TLS v1.2 is supported. Support for TLS v1.3 will be added in the near future.

> {{< /note >}}

Reviewer: Why remove?  It's worth telling people that you can't use <1.2 versions no matter what, especially for the security-conscious.

Author: First, I thought about just updating this `note` regarding TLS v1.3, as it is now supported, but right after this block, we talk about automatic rejections of connections with version lower than `min_version` and also say `Legal values are `TLSv1.2` and `TLSv1.3`.`
So it should be clear that no version lower than 1.2 can be used. No?

Reviewer: Ah, fair point.  In that case, we should probably also update the example to use 1.3, so it's a non-default value.  And note that versions older than 1.2 will always be rejected, period.

Author: Updated in d4f41c8
WDYT?

### `min_version`

Setting a minimum version of TLS will cause the server to automatically reject any connections using an older version of TLS.  Rejecting older versions with known security vulnerabilities is necessary for some security compliance processes.

```yaml
tls:
    min_version: TLSv1.3
```

The above configuration will result in requests using older TLS versions to be rejected. Legal values are `TLSv1.2` and `TLSv1.3`.

> Any version older than 1.2 will be rejected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TLS versions older than 1.2 are not supported by Platform.sh and will be rejected regardless of the setting here.
```

If the Let's Encrypt certificate is due to expire in less than one month then it will be renewed automatically during a deployment.  That makes it feasible to set up regular auto-renewal of the Let's Encrypt certificate.  The caveat is that, like any deploy, there is a very brief downtime (a few seconds, usually) so it's best to do during off-hours.

> You will first need to install the CLI in your application container.  See the section on [API tokens](/development/cli/api-tokens.md) for instructions on how to do so.

Reviewer: This is a rather important instruction.  Keep it.

This whole section goes away soon, though, as automatic LE renewal is Coming Very Soon(tm).

Author: The `note` block right after says the same thing, with the same link.

Reviewer: ... I suspect that's because people never saw either one, and forgetting to setup the key was the most common thing people forgot. :smile:  Hence, say it twice.   But, fair point.

It is very important to include the `--no-wait` flag.  If you do not, the cron process will block waiting on the deployment to finish, but the deployment will be blocked by the running cron task.  That will take your site offline until you log in and manually terminate the running cron task.  You want the `--no-wait` flag.  We're not joking.
{{< /note >}}

> The certificate will not renew unless it has less than one month remaining; trying twice a month is sufficient to ensure a certificate is never less than 2 weeks from expiring.

Reviewer: This is an important caveat.  Please don't remove it.

Though again, this section goes away soon.

Author: We already said this a few paragraphs before: L145 : `The caveat is that, like any deploy, there is a very brief downtime (a few seconds, usually) so it's best to do during off-hours.`

Reviewer: ACK.
